FROM: j..porter@enron.com
TO: bill.rapp@enron.com, drew.fossum@enron.com
Subject:RE: Northern Natural Gas - Marketing Affiliate Compliance
I have no objection.  Drew do you want to contact McMahon's office or should I.  Either way is fine.  Greg
-----------------------------
FROM: Rapp, Bill
TO: Fossum, Drew; Porter, Gregory J.
SUBJECT: FW: Northern Natural Gas - Marketing Affiliate Compliance
Any objections to Mary Kay's suggestion? If not, I'll probably need the help of one of you in contacting Jeff McMahon.
-----------------------------

FROM: Miller, Mary Kay
TO: Rapp, Bill; Hartsoe, Joe; Pavlou, Maria
SUBJECT: RE: Northern Natural Gas - Marketing Affiliate Compliance
Why wouldn't we just use Andy's replacement?  Cindy is communciation and HR, not much fit there at all-  MK
-----------------------------

FROM: Rapp, Bill
TO: Miller, Mary Kay; Hartsoe, Joe
SUBJECT: Northern Natural Gas - Marketing Affiliate Compliance
I'm a new addition to the gas pipeline legal group, having recently transferred from the EES legal department. Among other things, I'll be handling Northern Natural's compliance with the marketing affiliate rule.
An issue has come up with Northern as a result of the recent changes at Enron Corp.
Andy Fastow is currently shown in the organizational chart on Northern Natural's electronic bulletin board as "President, Northern Pipeline Sales Division".  Apparently, he was named to this position because he was not an officer or director of one of our marketing affiliates and was also not an officer or director of Northern. This satisfied the requirements of the marketing affilate rule. Given recent personnel changes at Enron Corp., it's now necessary to find a replacement for Andy Fastow. Frazier King suggested Cindy Olson, who also is neither an officer or director of a marketing affiliate nor an officer or director of Northern.  We wanted to run this by both of you before proceeding further. We would appreciate your thoughts. Thanks.
-----------------------------

