FROM: ashley.a.mace@williams.com
TO: erin'.'hederhorst@enron.com, kelly'.'jackson@enron.com, , beechner'.'jennifer@enron.com, black'.'laura@enron.com, , tacy'.'kalenda@enron.com, lisa'.'gillette@enron.com, , hillegeist'.'emily@enron.com, m..scott@enron.com
Subject:cigar box purses

Hi girls,
My friend Lynne launched her website last week for her cigar box purses that she designs and creates herself.  A few of you had asked about mine and I  just wanted  to pass it on in case anyone was interested and to try to help her get started.  Very similar one are selling for much more at Tootsies for $300.   I am getting one for my sister-in-law for Christmas--they make great Christmas & b-day gifts!!  Email me if you have questions!
Pass this on if you want to...I know she would be grateful.
Hope everyone is doing well!!
Ashley
-----------------------------
FROM: lynne@madebylynne.com [SMTP:lynne@madebylynne.com]
TO: Alicia Huddleston; Ali Goodman; Amanda Fox; Ami Jorgensen; Andrea Chilton Greer; Angela Chang; Anna Lisa Latino; Aseena Shroff; Ashby Williams; Ashley Mace; Aunt Barbara; Aurora Garza; Beverly Dowling; Bev McGeough; Billye McCurley; Bonnie Broxson; Bridget Johnson; Bridget Taylor; Bruce Boatner; Caren Sullivan; Carla Wilder; Carole Boatner; Carolyn Blosser; Carolyn Churchill; Chris Haman; Christine Hotmail; Christine Chaney; Cindy Work; Clarence Renshaw; Cliff Emery; Collin Hicks; Connie Smith; Craig Churchill; David Copeland; Diane Hawthorne; Elaine Tippet; Emily Paull; Erica Simpson; Fernellifa Jolivette; Geoff Angulo; Graham Hartley; Gwenn Roch; Heather Robertson; Hunter Churchill; Jack Leal; Janice Foster; Jay Sonnenberg; Jeana Nguyen; Jennifer Dorrance; Jennifer Horn; Jimmy Cain; John Dabney; Johnny Vincent
SUBJECT: 

Dear Friends,
As you may be aware, I recently began designing and creating my own
line of purses made from cigar boxes.  While this began as a small,
personal project for my own enjoyment, I quickly found encouragement
from friends, associates, and even total strangers who expressed
interest and enthusiasm for the designs.
And so, it is with great excitement -- and many thanks to my friends
-- that I introduce you to my new web site, www.madebylynne.com.
Here, you will find a collection of my latest cigar box purse designs.
Please pass this message along and visit the site as often.  Made
by Lynne cigar box purses are fun to wear and make wonderful gifts
for birthdays and holidays.
I would love to hear from you with any questions or suggestions you
have, and I hope you find something you'll like!
Sincerely,
Lynne
Made by Lynne
Lynne Renshaw
-----------------------------

